README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|3|[ Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)|[Python3](./solutions/3.%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters.py)|68 ms|
|13|[ Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/)|[Python3](./solutions/13.%20Roman%20to%20Integer.py)|48 ms|
|15|[ 3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/15.%203Sum.py)|932 ms|
|16|[ 3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/)|[Python3](./solutions/16.%203Sum%20Closest.py)|128 ms|
|18|[ 4Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/18.%204Sum.py)|1204 ms|
|22|[ Generate Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/)|[Python3](./solutions/22.%20Generate%20Parentheses.py)|32 ms|
|40|[ Combination Sum II](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/40.%20Combination%20Sum%20II.py)|92 ms|
|41|[ First Missing Positive](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-missing-positive/)|[Python3](./solutions/41.%20First%20Missing%20Positive.py)|40 ms|
|56|[ Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)|[Python3](./solutions/56.%20Merge%20Intervals.py)|80 ms|
|57|[ Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)|[Python3](./solutions/57.%20Insert%20Interval.py)|76 ms|
|64|[ Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/64.%20Minimum%20Path%20Sum.py)|100 ms|
|76|[ Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)|[Python3](./solutions/76.%20Minimum%20Window%20Substring.py)|88 ms|
|78|[ Subsets](https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/)|[Python3](./solutions/78.%20Subsets.py)|32 ms|
|90|[ Subsets II](https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/90.%20Subsets%20II.py)|32 ms|
|101|[ Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|[Python3](./solutions/101.%20Symmetric%20Tree.py)|36 ms|
|102|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)|[Python3](./solutions/102.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.py)|36 ms|
|103|[ Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/)|[Python3](./solutions/103.%20Binary%20Tree%20Zigzag%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.py)|36 ms|
|107|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/107.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal%20II.py)|32 ms|
|111|[ Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[Python3](./solutions/111.%20Minimum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.py)|476 ms|
|113|[ Path Sum II](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/113.%20Path%20Sum%20II.py)|44 ms|
|116|[ Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node/)|[Python3](./solutions/116.%20Populating%20Next%20Right%20Pointers%20in%20Each%20Node.py)|60 ms|
|117|[ Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node II](https://leetcode.com/problems/populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/117.%20Populating%20Next%20Right%20Pointers%20in%20Each%20Node%20II.py)|48 ms|
|120|[ Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/triangle/)|[Python3](./solutions/120.%20Triangle.py)|56 ms|
|128|[ Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)|[Python3](./solutions/128.%20Longest%20Consecutive%20Sequence.py)|56 ms|
|129|[ Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/)|[Python3](./solutions/129.%20Sum%20Root%20to%20Leaf%20Numbers.py)|28 ms|
|134|[ Gas Station](https://leetcode.com/problems/gas-station/)|[Python3](./solutions/134.%20Gas%20Station.py)|56 ms|
|165|[ Compare Version Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/compare-version-numbers/)|[Python3](./solutions/165.%20Compare%20Version%20Numbers.py)|24 ms|
|179|[ Largest Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number/)|[Python3](./solutions/179.%20Largest%20Number.py)|72 ms|
|199|[ Binary Tree Right Side View](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/)|[Python3](./solutions/199.%20Binary%20Tree%20Right%20Side%20View.py)|36 ms|
|209|[ Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/209.%20Minimum%20Size%20Subarray%20Sum.py)|60 ms|
|216|[ Combination Sum III](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-iii/)|[Python3](./solutions/216.%20Combination%20Sum%20III.py)|32 ms|
|222|[ Count Complete Tree Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/)|[Python3](./solutions/222.%20Count%20Complete%20Tree%20Nodes.py)|84 ms|
|228|[ Summary Ranges](https://leetcode.com/problems/summary-ranges/)|[Python3](./solutions/228.%20Summary%20Ranges.py)|40 ms|
|232|[ Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)|[Python3](./solutions/232.%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks.py)|20 ms|
|241|[ Different Ways to Add Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/different-ways-to-add-parentheses/)|[Python3](./solutions/241.%20Different%20Ways%20to%20Add%20Parentheses.py)|36 ms|
|257|[ Binary Tree Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths/)|[Python3](./solutions/257.%20Binary%20Tree%20Paths.py)|32 ms|
|268|[ Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)|[Python3](./solutions/268.%20Missing%20Number.py)|168 ms|
|328|[ Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/)|[Python3](./solutions/328.%20Odd%20Even%20Linked%20List.py)|32 ms|
|372|[ Super Pow](https://leetcode.com/problems/super-pow/)|[Python3](./solutions/372.%20Super%20Pow.py)|84 ms|
|383|[ Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)|[Python3](./solutions/383.%20Ransom%20Note.py)|52 ms|
|424|[ Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)|[Python3](./solutions/424.%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement.py)|104 ms|
|434|[ Number of Segments in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-segments-in-a-string/)|[Python3](./solutions/434.%20Number%20of%20Segments%20in%20a%20String.py)|28 ms|
|445|[ Add Two Numbers II](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/445.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers%20II.py)|80 ms|
|462|[ Minimum Moves to Equal Array Elements II](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-moves-to-equal-array-elements-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/462.%20Minimum%20Moves%20to%20Equal%20Array%20Elements%20II.py)|120 ms|
|476|[ Number Complement](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-complement/)|[Python3](./solutions/476.%20Number%20Complement.py)|28 ms|
|567|[ Permutation in String](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-in-string/)|[Python3](./solutions/567.%20Permutation%20in%20String.py)|60 ms|
|637|[ Average of Levels in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-of-levels-in-binary-tree/)|[Python3](./solutions/637.%20Average%20of%20Levels%20in%20Binary%20Tree.py)|44 ms|
|674|[ Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-continuous-increasing-subsequence/)|[Python3](./solutions/674.%20Longest%20Continuous%20Increasing%20Subsequence.py)|76 ms|
|720|[ Longest Word in Dictionary](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-word-in-dictionary/)|[Python3](./solutions/720.%20Longest%20Word%20in%20Dictionary.py)|76 ms|
|738|[ Monotone Increasing Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/monotone-increasing-digits/)|[Python3](./solutions/738.%20Monotone%20Increasing%20Digits.py)|32 ms|
|788|[ Rotated Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotated-digits/)|[Python3](./solutions/788.%20Rotated%20Digits.py)|48 ms|
|806|[ Number of Lines To Write String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-lines-to-write-string/)|[Python3](./solutions/806.%20Number%20of%20Lines%20To%20Write%20String.py)|28 ms|
|807|[ Max Increase to Keep City Skyline](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-increase-to-keep-city-skyline/)|[Python3](./solutions/807.%20Max%20Increase%20to%20Keep%20City%20Skyline.py)|68 ms|
|816|[ Ambiguous Coordinates](https://leetcode.com/problems/ambiguous-coordinates/)|[Python3](./solutions/816.%20Ambiguous%20Coordinates.py)|48 ms|
|832|[ Flipping an Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/)|[Python3](./solutions/832.%20Flipping%20an%20Image.py)|36 ms|
|840|[ Magic Squares In Grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/magic-squares-in-grid/)|[Python3](./solutions/840.%20Magic%20Squares%20In%20Grid.py)|40 ms|
|841|[ Keys and Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/keys-and-rooms/)|[Python3](./solutions/841.%20Keys%20and%20Rooms.py)|128 ms|
|852|[ Peak Index in a Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/)|[Python3](./solutions/852.%20Peak%20Index%20in%20a%20Mountain%20Array.py)|60 ms|
|859|[ Buddy Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/buddy-strings/)|[Python3](./solutions/859.%20Buddy%20Strings.py)|40 ms|
|867|[ Transpose Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/transpose-matrix/)|[Python3](./solutions/867.%20Transpose%20Matrix.py)|76 ms|
|868|[ Binary Gap](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-gap/)|[Python3](./solutions/868.%20Binary%20Gap.py)|32 ms|
|876|[ Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/)|[Python3](./solutions/876.%20Middle%20of%20the%20Linked%20List.py)|32 ms|
|892|[ Surface Area of 3D Shapes](https://leetcode.com/problems/surface-area-of-3d-shapes/)|[Python3](./solutions/892.%20Surface%20Area%20of%203D%20Shapes.py)|84 ms|
|904|[ Fruit Into Baskets](https://leetcode.com/problems/fruit-into-baskets/)|[Python3](./solutions/904.%20Fruit%20Into%20Baskets.py)|848 ms|
|917|[ Reverse Only Letters](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters/)|[Python3](./solutions/917.%20Reverse%20Only%20Letters.py)|32 ms|
|925|[ Long Pressed Name](https://leetcode.com/problems/long-pressed-name/)|[Python3](./solutions/925.%20Long%20Pressed%20Name.py)|32 ms|
|929|[ Unique Email Addresses](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-email-addresses/)|[Python3](./solutions/929.%20Unique%20Email%20Addresses.py)|48 ms|
|935|[ Knight Dialer](https://leetcode.com/problems/knight-dialer/)|[Python3](./solutions/935.%20Knight%20Dialer.py)|1068 ms|
|986|[ Interval List Intersections](https://leetcode.com/problems/interval-list-intersections/)|[Python3](./solutions/986.%20Interval%20List%20Intersections.py)|152 ms|
|989|[ Add to Array-Form of Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-to-array-form-of-integer/)|[Python3](./solutions/989.%20Add%20to%20Array-Form%20of%20Integer.py)|284 ms|
|999|[ Available Captures for Rook](https://leetcode.com/problems/available-captures-for-rook/)|[Python3](./solutions/999.%20Available%20Captures%20for%20Rook.py)|28 ms|
|1004|[ Max Consecutive Ones III](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones-iii/)|[Python3](./solutions/1004.%20Max%20Consecutive%20Ones%20III.py)|636 ms|
|1539|[ Kth Missing Positive Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-missing-positive-number/)|[Python3](./solutions/1539.%20Kth%20Missing%20Positive%20Number.py)|36 ms|
|1572|[ Matrix Diagonal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-diagonal-sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/1572.%20Matrix%20Diagonal%20Sum.py)|108 ms|

Commit message:

105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal, 192 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|3|[ Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)|[Python3](./solutions/3.%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters.py)|68 ms|
|13|[ Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/)|[Python3](./solutions/13.%20Roman%20to%20Integer.py)|48 ms|
|15|[ 3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/15.%203Sum.py)|932 ms|
|16|[ 3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/)|[Python3](./solutions/16.%203Sum%20Closest.py)|128 ms|
|18|[ 4Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/18.%204Sum.py)|1204 ms|
|22|[ Generate Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/)|[Python3](./solutions/22.%20Generate%20Parentheses.py)|32 ms|
|40|[ Combination Sum II](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/40.%20Combination%20Sum%20II.py)|92 ms|
|41|[ First Missing Positive](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-missing-positive/)|[Python3](./solutions/41.%20First%20Missing%20Positive.py)|40 ms|
|56|[ Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)|[Python3](./solutions/56.%20Merge%20Intervals.py)|80 ms|
|57|[ Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)|[Python3](./solutions/57.%20Insert%20Interval.py)|76 ms|
|64|[ Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/64.%20Minimum%20Path%20Sum.py)|100 ms|
|76|[ Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)|[Python3](./solutions/76.%20Minimum%20Window%20Substring.py)|88 ms|
|78|[ Subsets](https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/)|[Python3](./solutions/78.%20Subsets.py)|32 ms|
|90|[ Subsets II](https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/90.%20Subsets%20II.py)|32 ms|
|101|[ Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|[Python3](./solutions/101.%20Symmetric%20Tree.py)|36 ms|
|102|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)|[Python3](./solutions/102.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.py)|36 ms|
|103|[ Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/)|[Python3](./solutions/103.%20Binary%20Tree%20Zigzag%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.py)|36 ms|
|105|[ Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)|[Python3](./solutions/105.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20and%20Inorder%20Traversal.py)|192 ms|
|107|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/107.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal%20II.py)|32 ms|
|111|[ Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[Python3](./solutions/111.%20Minimum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.py)|476 ms|
|113|[ Path Sum II](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/113.%20Path%20Sum%20II.py)|44 ms|
|116|[ Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node/)|[Python3](./solutions/116.%20Populating%20Next%20Right%20Pointers%20in%20Each%20Node.py)|60 ms|
|117|[ Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node II](https://leetcode.com/problems/populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/117.%20Populating%20Next%20Right%20Pointers%20in%20Each%20Node%20II.py)|48 ms|
|120|[ Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/triangle/)|[Python3](./solutions/120.%20Triangle.py)|56 ms|
|128|[ Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)|[Python3](./solutions/128.%20Longest%20Consecutive%20Sequence.py)|56 ms|
|129|[ Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/)|[Python3](./solutions/129.%20Sum%20Root%20to%20Leaf%20Numbers.py)|28 ms|
|134|[ Gas Station](https://leetcode.com/problems/gas-station/)|[Python3](./solutions/134.%20Gas%20Station.py)|56 ms|
|165|[ Compare Version Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/compare-version-numbers/)|[Python3](./solutions/165.%20Compare%20Version%20Numbers.py)|24 ms|
|179|[ Largest Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number/)|[Python3](./solutions/179.%20Largest%20Number.py)|72 ms|
|199|[ Binary Tree Right Side View](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/)|[Python3](./solutions/199.%20Binary%20Tree%20Right%20Side%20View.py)|36 ms|
|209|[ Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/209.%20Minimum%20Size%20Subarray%20Sum.py)|60 ms|
|216|[ Combination Sum III](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-iii/)|[Python3](./solutions/216.%20Combination%20Sum%20III.py)|32 ms|
|222|[ Count Complete Tree Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/)|[Python3](./solutions/222.%20Count%20Complete%20Tree%20Nodes.py)|84 ms|
|228|[ Summary Ranges](https://leetcode.com/problems/summary-ranges/)|[Python3](./solutions/228.%20Summary%20Ranges.py)|40 ms|
|232|[ Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)|[Python3](./solutions/232.%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks.py)|20 ms|
|241|[ Different Ways to Add Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/different-ways-to-add-parentheses/)|[Python3](./solutions/241.%20Different%20Ways%20to%20Add%20Parentheses.py)|36 ms|
|257|[ Binary Tree Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths/)|[Python3](./solutions/257.%20Binary%20Tree%20Paths.py)|32 ms|
|268|[ Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)|[Python3](./solutions/268.%20Missing%20Number.py)|168 ms|
|328|[ Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/)|[Python3](./solutions/328.%20Odd%20Even%20Linked%20List.py)|32 ms|
|372|[ Super Pow](https://leetcode.com/problems/super-pow/)|[Python3](./solutions/372.%20Super%20Pow.py)|84 ms|
|383|[ Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)|[Python3](./solutions/383.%20Ransom%20Note.py)|52 ms|
|424|[ Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)|[Python3](./solutions/424.%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement.py)|104 ms|
|434|[ Number of Segments in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-segments-in-a-string/)|[Python3](./solutions/434.%20Number%20of%20Segments%20in%20a%20String.py)|28 ms|
|445|[ Add Two Numbers II](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/445.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers%20II.py)|80 ms|
|462|[ Minimum Moves to Equal Array Elements II](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-moves-to-equal-array-elements-ii/)|[Python3](./solutions/462.%20Minimum%20Moves%20to%20Equal%20Array%20Elements%20II.py)|120 ms|
|476|[ Number Complement](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-complement/)|[Python3](./solutions/476.%20Number%20Complement.py)|28 ms|
|567|[ Permutation in String](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-in-string/)|[Python3](./solutions/567.%20Permutation%20in%20String.py)|60 ms|
|637|[ Average of Levels in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-of-levels-in-binary-tree/)|[Python3](./solutions/637.%20Average%20of%20Levels%20in%20Binary%20Tree.py)|44 ms|
|674|[ Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-continuous-increasing-subsequence/)|[Python3](./solutions/674.%20Longest%20Continuous%20Increasing%20Subsequence.py)|76 ms|
|720|[ Longest Word in Dictionary](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-word-in-dictionary/)|[Python3](./solutions/720.%20Longest%20Word%20in%20Dictionary.py)|76 ms|
|738|[ Monotone Increasing Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/monotone-increasing-digits/)|[Python3](./solutions/738.%20Monotone%20Increasing%20Digits.py)|32 ms|
|788|[ Rotated Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotated-digits/)|[Python3](./solutions/788.%20Rotated%20Digits.py)|48 ms|
|806|[ Number of Lines To Write String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-lines-to-write-string/)|[Python3](./solutions/806.%20Number%20of%20Lines%20To%20Write%20String.py)|28 ms|
|807|[ Max Increase to Keep City Skyline](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-increase-to-keep-city-skyline/)|[Python3](./solutions/807.%20Max%20Increase%20to%20Keep%20City%20Skyline.py)|68 ms|
|816|[ Ambiguous Coordinates](https://leetcode.com/problems/ambiguous-coordinates/)|[Python3](./solutions/816.%20Ambiguous%20Coordinates.py)|48 ms|
|832|[ Flipping an Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/)|[Python3](./solutions/832.%20Flipping%20an%20Image.py)|36 ms|
|840|[ Magic Squares In Grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/magic-squares-in-grid/)|[Python3](./solutions/840.%20Magic%20Squares%20In%20Grid.py)|40 ms|
|841|[ Keys and Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/keys-and-rooms/)|[Python3](./solutions/841.%20Keys%20and%20Rooms.py)|128 ms|
|852|[ Peak Index in a Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/)|[Python3](./solutions/852.%20Peak%20Index%20in%20a%20Mountain%20Array.py)|60 ms|
|859|[ Buddy Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/buddy-strings/)|[Python3](./solutions/859.%20Buddy%20Strings.py)|40 ms|
|867|[ Transpose Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/transpose-matrix/)|[Python3](./solutions/867.%20Transpose%20Matrix.py)|76 ms|
|868|[ Binary Gap](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-gap/)|[Python3](./solutions/868.%20Binary%20Gap.py)|32 ms|
|876|[ Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/)|[Python3](./solutions/876.%20Middle%20of%20the%20Linked%20List.py)|32 ms|
|892|[ Surface Area of 3D Shapes](https://leetcode.com/problems/surface-area-of-3d-shapes/)|[Python3](./solutions/892.%20Surface%20Area%20of%203D%20Shapes.py)|84 ms|
|904|[ Fruit Into Baskets](https://leetcode.com/problems/fruit-into-baskets/)|[Python3](./solutions/904.%20Fruit%20Into%20Baskets.py)|848 ms|
|917|[ Reverse Only Letters](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters/)|[Python3](./solutions/917.%20Reverse%20Only%20Letters.py)|32 ms|
|925|[ Long Pressed Name](https://leetcode.com/problems/long-pressed-name/)|[Python3](./solutions/925.%20Long%20Pressed%20Name.py)|32 ms|
|929|[ Unique Email Addresses](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-email-addresses/)|[Python3](./solutions/929.%20Unique%20Email%20Addresses.py)|48 ms|
|935|[ Knight Dialer](https://leetcode.com/problems/knight-dialer/)|[Python3](./solutions/935.%20Knight%20Dialer.py)|1068 ms|
|986|[ Interval List Intersections](https://leetcode.com/problems/interval-list-intersections/)|[Python3](./solutions/986.%20Interval%20List%20Intersections.py)|152 ms|
|989|[ Add to Array-Form of Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-to-array-form-of-integer/)|[Python3](./solutions/989.%20Add%20to%20Array-Form%20of%20Integer.py)|284 ms|
|999|[ Available Captures for Rook](https://leetcode.com/problems/available-captures-for-rook/)|[Python3](./solutions/999.%20Available%20Captures%20for%20Rook.py)|28 ms|
|1004|[ Max Consecutive Ones III](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones-iii/)|[Python3](./solutions/1004.%20Max%20Consecutive%20Ones%20III.py)|636 ms|
|1539|[ Kth Missing Positive Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-missing-positive-number/)|[Python3](./solutions/1539.%20Kth%20Missing%20Positive%20Number.py)|36 ms|
|1572|[ Matrix Diagonal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-diagonal-sum/)|[Python3](./solutions/1572.%20Matrix%20Diagonal%20Sum.py)|108 ms|
